Section when I last slept showed you the slide, you might find that there are circumstances where you
need to migrate a lot of data.
Now, a huge amount of data in it might take too long.
Now, I'm not talking here about specifically servers or databases.
I'm talking about actual data that's sitting maybe on your file server or some kind of storage device
in your on premises data center.
So if we're online, if we're actually using a network, there's all these different mechanisms that
you can use, these tools you can use to migrate data into the cloud.
But what happens if you have a massive quantity of data, say you got tens of terabytes or you've even
got sort of petabytes and so on?
So in that case, the network link that you have might not be fast enough to move that data.
So you've always got to do a calculation.
Now, if you're using a VPN, then that means that you're using the public Internet.
So not only is it the bandwidth between your whatever your Internet service provider has provisioned
for you, but you've also got to take into account the fact that at certain times of day there's congestion
and there's latency and so on.
So it might take quite a period of time.
And you can do a calculation.
You can go and find a toll online and you can look up, you know, if you've got 20 terabytes of data
and you've got a, I don't know, 500 MIT and 12 meg connection, then you can just have a look and
see how long is that going to take and work out whether it's acceptable to you.
Now, the other thing that you have to consider there is that you've got your on premises servers and
they're using that Internet connection.
Maybe not to connect to where W.S., but they're using it.
And maybe your customers are coming in via that connection as well to, you know, some application
service that you're sharing.
So you don't necessarily want to saturate your link with your file transfer as well.
So that's another consideration.
Now, if you do have direct connect, then that's great.
You've now got less issues with Licencee and.
If you've got one or 10 gigabits per second, so you got a decent amount of speed, but it's still going
to take time if you've got tens of terabytes and you still got to worry about saturating that length
that you might be using for, you know, some data transfer traffic, some application traffic that's
already going across those links.
So this is where you might need to find another way, like to physically transport your data.
And that's where these guys come in.
So we've got a snowball and the AWOL snowmobile.
Now, obviously, the snowmobile is pretty much this truck here.
So you've got this in this entire container on the back here, which is full of storage devices.
So that's for huge amounts of data.
And then on the left, we've got this tamper proof snowball device.
So this will get delivered to you.
You will load your data onto it.
And then that data then gets moved to a W.S. It gets put onto as free into a packet that you can specify
and then you can then work with that data.
So if your data transfer time is going to take too long, then you might want to end up going with a
snowball or a snowmobile device.
Now, another thing that's come up in exam questions is if you wanted to put in a direct connect connection.
Remember, it takes time.
So it can be anywhere from, you know, a month to multiple months to get that direct connect connection
actually installed.
So if you need to get your data up into a W.S. faster, then and you can't wait for that direct connect
connection, then you might have to go of a snowball device.
So let's have a look at a bit more detail.
So with a snowball, you can transfer hundreds of terabytes or petabytes of data between on premises,
data centres and history.
It uses a secure storage device for physical transportation.
And there's some clients software that you install on a computer.
And that's then used to identify the data that you want to migrate, compress and encrypt it and then
transfer that data onto the snowball device.
It uses 256 bit encryption managed, which became Askey, and the actual enclosure is highly tamper
resistant as well.
So it's a secure device.
Now, with Snowbowl, you've got two options.
You've got the 80 terabytes and the 50 terabytes.
And A.W. Resh refer to this as petabytes scale.
Now, obviously, you would need to have quite a few devices for petabytes of data.
But you can do that.
Obviously, you could order quite a few devices.
However many you need, then you've got the snowball edge, which is a 100 terabyte device.
This is also known as petabytes scale.
And it comes with some onboard storage and compute capabilities as well.
And then you've got the snowmobile.
So this is what they call exabyte scale with up to 100 passive bytes per snowmobile.
So that's gonna be a pretty rare use case.
But, you know, it can happen.
So that's a huge quantity at a so that you can actually move in to A.W. US.